Initial PEP 740 documentation (#16398)
pypi/warehouse: docs/user/attestations/producing-attestations.md

# Producing attestations

<!--[[ preview('index-attestations') ]]-->

PyPI allows attestations to be attached to individual *release files*
(source and binary distributions within a release) at upload time.

Attestations are currently only supported when uploading with
[Trusted Publishing], and currently only with GitHub-based Trusted Publishers.

> Support for other Trusted Publishers is planned.

Reviewer: Would be nice to link to an issue about this here.

## The easy way

=== "GitHub Actions"

    If you publish to PyPI with [`pypa/gh-action-pypi-publish`][gh-action-pypi-publish]

>     (the official PyPA action), attestations are built directly into the normal Trusted
>     Publishing workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (the official PyPA action), attestations are generated and uploaded automatically
    by default, with no additional configuration necessary.
```

> 
>     To enable them explicitly, you can pass `attestations: true` as an action setting:
> 
>     ```yaml
>     uses: pypa/gh-action-pypi-publish@release/v2
>     with:
>       attestations: true
>     ```
> 
>     When enabled, `gh-action-pypi-publish` will generate and upload a
>     [publish attestation] for each file being uploaded.
> 
>     !!! note
> 
>         Enabling attestations explicitly with `attestations: true` is currently
>         required, but will become the default in a future release of the action.

Reviewer: I think we can just get rid of all of this now?

```suggestion
```
